README.md, before:

# Natural Language Processing (NLPCSE4022) Complementary ipython notebooks and python scripts 
## Complimentary code for NLP CSE4022 Course at VIT Vellore
- Module 1 : **Introduction to NLP**
    - Stages and Ambiguities of NLP
    - Stemming and Lemmatization
- Modul 2 : **Text Processing**
    - Character Encoding Detection
    - Language Detection
    - Word Segmentation
    - Sentence Segmentation
    - Minimum Edit Distance
    - Regular Expression
- Module 3 : **Morphology**
- Module 4 : **Lexical Analysis**
    - Parts-of-Speech Tagging (POS tagging)
- Module 5 : **Language Modeling**
- Module 6 : **Syntax and Semantics**
- Module 7 : **Application of NLP**
    - Text Classification 
    - Text Summarization
    - Sentiment Analysis
    - Machine Translation
    - Question Answering
- Module 8 : **Recent Trends**

## NLP resources
 ### Video Lectures
 
 ### Books
 
 ### Online Courses
  **Coursera**
  
  #### 1.Natural Language Processing Specialization https://www.coursera.org/specializations/natural-language-processing | 4.6stars | 4,393 ratings
        - 1.1 Natural Language Processing with Classification and Vector Spaces | 4.6stars | 3,582 ratings 
        - 1.2 Natural Language Processing with Probabilistic Models | 4.7stars  | 1,394 ratings
        - 1.3 Natural Language Processing with Sequence Models  | 4.5 | 921 ratings
        - 1.4 Natural Language Processing with Attention Models | 4.3 | 788 ratings
  
  **AMAZON**
   Accelerated NAtural Language Processing by AWS Machine Learning University
   - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FXKbEgz-uU&list=PL8P_Z6C4GcuWfAq8Pt6PBYlck4OprHXsw&index=1 | https://github.com/aws-samples/aws-machine-learning-university-accelerated-nlp 
   - 
## Related Journals Conferences & Workshops

### Conferences
    - Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL)
    - Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP)
    - ACM International Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR)
    - International World Wide Web Conference (WWW)
    - European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (EACL)
    - Annual Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (NAACL)
    - International Conference on Computational Linguistics (COLING)
    - International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing (IJCNLP)
    - Interspeech
    - IEEE Automatic Speech Recognition and Understanding Workshop (ASRU)
    - IEEE Workshop on Spoken Language Technology (SLT)
    - Annual SIGdial Meeting on Discourse and Dialogue (SIGdial)
    - International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC)
    - International Workshop on Spoken Dialog Systems (IWSDS)

## Shared Tasks
- The SIGNLL Conference on Computational Natural Language Learning (CoNLL)
- Semantic Evaluation (SemEval)
- Text REtrieval Conference (TREC)
- Conference and Labs of the Evaluation Forum (CLEF)
- NII Testbeds and Community for Information access Research (NTCIR)
- Dialog State Tracking Challenge (DSTC)

## Popular Datasets for NLP Task
  Question Answering | https://ai.google.com/research/NaturalQuestions/dataset |

Commit message:

Added Jurafsky video lecture link

README.md, after:

# Natural Language Processing (NLPCSE4022) Complementary ipython notebooks and python scripts 
## Complimentary code for NLP CSE4022 Course at VIT Vellore
- Module 1 : **Introduction to NLP**
    - Stages and Ambiguities of NLP
    - Stemming and Lemmatization
- Modul 2 : **Text Processing**
    - Character Encoding Detection
    - Language Detection
    - Word Segmentation
    - Sentence Segmentation
    - Minimum Edit Distance
    - Regular Expression
- Module 3 : **Morphology**
- Module 4 : **Lexical Analysis**
    - Parts-of-Speech Tagging (POS tagging)
- Module 5 : **Language Modeling**
- Module 6 : **Syntax and Semantics**
- Module 7 : **Application of NLP**
    - Text Classification 
    - Text Summarization
    - Sentiment Analysis
    - Machine Translation
    - Question Answering
- Module 8 : **Recent Trends**

## NLP resources
 ### Video Lectures
 - CS 124 : From Language to Information - by Prof. Dan Jurafsky | https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_48v322owNVtORXuMeRmpA | https://web.stanford.edu/class/cs124/#information
 
 ### Books
 
 ### Online Courses
  **Coursera**
  
  #### 1.Natural Language Processing Specialization https://www.coursera.org/specializations/natural-language-processing | 4.6stars | 4,393 ratings
        - 1.1 Natural Language Processing with Classification and Vector Spaces | 4.6stars | 3,582 ratings 
        - 1.2 Natural Language Processing with Probabilistic Models | 4.7stars  | 1,394 ratings
        - 1.3 Natural Language Processing with Sequence Models  | 4.5 | 921 ratings
        - 1.4 Natural Language Processing with Attention Models | 4.3 | 788 ratings
  
  **AMAZON**
   Accelerated NAtural Language Processing by AWS Machine Learning University
   - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FXKbEgz-uU&list=PL8P_Z6C4GcuWfAq8Pt6PBYlck4OprHXsw&index=1 | https://github.com/aws-samples/aws-machine-learning-university-accelerated-nlp 
   
## Related Journals Conferences & Workshops

### Conferences
    - Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL)
    - Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP)
    - ACM International Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR)
    - International World Wide Web Conference (WWW)
    - European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (EACL)
    - Annual Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (NAACL)
    - International Conference on Computational Linguistics (COLING)
    - International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing (IJCNLP)
    - Interspeech
    - IEEE Automatic Speech Recognition and Understanding Workshop (ASRU)
    - IEEE Workshop on Spoken Language Technology (SLT)
    - Annual SIGdial Meeting on Discourse and Dialogue (SIGdial)
    - International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC)
    - International Workshop on Spoken Dialog Systems (IWSDS)

## Shared Tasks
- The SIGNLL Conference on Computational Natural Language Learning (CoNLL)
- Semantic Evaluation (SemEval)
- Text REtrieval Conference (TREC)
- Conference and Labs of the Evaluation Forum (CLEF)
- NII Testbeds and Community for Information access Research (NTCIR)
- Dialog State Tracking Challenge (DSTC)

## Popular Datasets for NLP Task
  Question Answering | https://ai.google.com/research/NaturalQuestions/dataset |
