Subject: energy operations - organizational changes
as our business continues to grow and change , energy operations is challenged
daily to ensure best practices throughout all services provided . we recently
decided to consolidate the risk management , deal validation and operational
analysis functions into one group , directed under the management of a
business controller . i am pleased to announce that steve venturatos has
accepted the role of business controller for texas / upstream operations ,
reporting to me . additionally , dave baumbach has agreed to serve as the lead
of the group . other additions to the group include jody crook , a first year
analyst , and ami chokshi . ami will continue to serve as the account manager
for both entex and tufco . the attached oranizational chart identifies all
team members . additionally , the denver trading books will be transitioned
from will kelly ( who is assuming the business controller role for the east
region ) to our group . we will also be working with keith mciver and john
peyton to establish risk books for the drilling day rate trading anticipated
to kick off soon .
mike eiben has assumed responsiblities previously managed by steve venturatos
which include global contracts and facilities , system enhancements and
regulatory reporting . clem cernosek will be joining the logistics team in a
trouble shooting capacity . jennifer pattison will be joining volume
management , focused on trouble shooting and ua 4 . both clem and jennifer have
been on the unify - pops team .
please join me in sharing this information with pertinent staff members , and
in wishing each of these employees success in thier new roles .