Subject: fw : costs / mid back office commercialization
why don ' t you and rahil agree on the draft asap and then let rahil send it out in draft form this friday afternoon to all these individuals for their review and comments . rahil can work with these people directly next week on their comments . rahil is free from the day - to - day operations issues and has the time to push the product menu to the ea originators .
we can still set up an offsite to finalize , but we need to get something out because these individuals are already out selling as we speak .
gp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thursday , april 05 , 2001 11 : 15 am
to : beck , sally
cc : piper , greg ; jafry , rahil
subject : re : costs
shukaly resigned and left .
but i assume the invitation will be extended to all of their groups so that whoever they want can attend .
i would actually prefer that the presentation is actually circulated to the groups on friday rather than presented as we will wait forever on getting an offsite together . how about circulating the presentation and then letting them refer all questions to rahil - see how much interest you get . one on ones are much better and i think this is how rahil should proceed . we need to get in front of customers in the next couple of weeks .
let ' s aim to get a least three customers this quarter .
louise
enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 04 / 04 / 2001 07 : 08 pm
to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect
cc : greg piper / corp / enron
subject : re : costs
rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are , the creation of a pricing desk , how that will work ( process and revenue sharing ) , selling of services for others , our operations pricing model , the dash process , key contacts in operations , etc . i expect to review a draft by this friday . tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting . we are checking travel schedules for laura luce and max y . to see if we can catch both in houston sometime next week . greg piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once ( a mini offsite ) . we will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority . if that doesn ' t work , we will simply do one - on - ones over the next ten days to get everyone . targeted attendees are :
gas frank vickers ( east )
laura luce ( central )
barry tycholiz ( west )
derivatives fred lagrasta
power dave duran
ozzie pagan
ed baughman
portland chris calger
calgary ladain
mexico max y .
when you and i met we discussed most of these names . i added the calgary guy and max . i also want to share this info with bob shults and his eol marketing team . they talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well . we have spent some time with jean mrha and john grass , and will share the presentation with them as well .
do you want to add any names ? if we do wind up with one date that will work for most , i will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like . - - sally
louise kitchen
04 / 04 / 2001 03 : 50 pm
to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : costs
weren ' t we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services with the heads of origination ? are we close to having this ?
thanks
louise
